this is strictly in 60 your blockbuster
guide to all the dancefloor drama for
the quarterfinals strictly went to the
movies as the six Iranian couples
perform routine inspired by Hollywood
hits there were box office smashes the
best barber I've seen from a male
celebrity in a long time right the lifts
were clean and good you came out and
really sold it I love this bomb failing
to impress the critics you lacked any
swing or way but it was Chelsea and
Pasha who gave an award-winning Shrek
tastic performing it was emotional and
the time would come for one couple to be
left on the cutting room floor the
famous five heading into next week's
semi-final the competition has never
been tougher make sure you keep up to
date with all the backstage gossip right
here at BBC Como UK